# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      [gap of 12ms]
      create-cmake-model 10ms
      [gap of 65ms]
    create-module-model completed in 87ms
    [gap of 21ms]
    create-variant-model 37ms
    [gap of 30ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 18ms
    [gap of 24ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 19ms
    [gap of 26ms]
    create-X86-model 16ms
    [gap of 15ms]
    create-X86_64-model 15ms
    create-module-model
      [gap of 13ms]
      create-cmake-model 10ms
      [gap of 23ms]
    create-module-model completed in 46ms
    [gap of 17ms]
    create-variant-model 38ms
    [gap of 13ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 14ms
    [gap of 16ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 39ms
    [gap of 20ms]
    create-X86-model 18ms
    [gap of 20ms]
    create-X86_64-model 25ms
    [gap of 54ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 641ms
  [gap of 54ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 696ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      [gap of 73ms]
      create-ndk-meta-abi-list 63ms
      [gap of 991ms]
      create-cmake-model 17ms
      [gap of 399ms]
    create-module-model completed in 1543ms
    [gap of 514ms]
    create-variant-model 410ms
    [gap of 264ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 130ms
    [gap of 22ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 40ms
    [gap of 79ms]
    create-X86-model 132ms
    [gap of 213ms]
    create-X86_64-model 24ms
    create-module-model
      [gap of 17ms]
      create-cmake-model 19ms
      [gap of 34ms]
    create-module-model completed in 70ms
    [gap of 79ms]
    create-variant-model 78ms
    [gap of 129ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 23ms
    [gap of 27ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 43ms
    [gap of 90ms]
    create-X86-model 23ms
    [gap of 24ms]
    create-X86_64-model 14ms
    [gap of 35ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 4126ms
  [gap of 33ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 4159ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 43ms
    [gap of 34ms]
    create-variant-model 47ms
    [gap of 14ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 14ms
    [gap of 23ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 10ms
    [gap of 15ms]
    create-X86-model 10ms
    [gap of 15ms]
    create-X86_64-model 10ms
    create-module-model
      create-cmake-model 10ms
      [gap of 20ms]
    create-module-model completed in 39ms
    [gap of 22ms]
    create-variant-model 28ms
    [gap of 18ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 17ms
    [gap of 29ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 21ms
    [gap of 15ms]
    create-X86-model 11ms
    [gap of 28ms]
    create-X86_64-model 13ms
    [gap of 17ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 507ms
  [gap of 35ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 543ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      [gap of 10ms]
      create-cmake-model 10ms
      [gap of 26ms]
    create-module-model completed in 46ms
    [gap of 10ms]
    create-variant-model 18ms
    [gap of 24ms]
    create-X86-model 10ms
    create-module-model
      create-ndk-meta-abi-list 20ms
      [gap of 51ms]
      create-cmake-model 13ms
      [gap of 37ms]
    create-module-model completed in 125ms
    [gap of 17ms]
    create-variant-model 40ms
    [gap of 33ms]
    create-X86_64-model 13ms
    [gap of 44ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 414ms
  [gap of 30ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 444ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
<<<<<<< HEAD
      [gap of 18ms]
      create-cmake-model 10ms
      [gap of 77ms]
    create-module-model completed in 105ms
    [gap of 34ms]
    create-variant-model 44ms
    [gap of 16ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 14ms
    [gap of 25ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 19ms
    [gap of 23ms]
    create-X86-model 15ms
    [gap of 22ms]
    create-X86_64-model 11ms
    [gap of 22ms]
    create-module-model 17ms
    [gap of 21ms]
    create-variant-model 57ms
    [gap of 26ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 11ms
    [gap of 18ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 13ms
    [gap of 21ms]
    create-X86-model 16ms
    [gap of 22ms]
    create-X86_64-model 19ms
    [gap of 27ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 618ms
  [gap of 39ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 658ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 11ms
    [gap of 23ms]
    create-variant-model 15ms
    [gap of 41ms]
    create-module-model 13ms
    [gap of 13ms]
    create-variant-model 16ms
    [gap of 21ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 11ms
    [gap of 27ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 191ms
  [gap of 28ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 219ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 19ms
    [gap of 38ms]
    create-variant-model 57ms
    [gap of 22ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 17ms
    [gap of 24ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 13ms
    [gap of 23ms]
    create-X86-model 18ms
    [gap of 20ms]
    create-X86_64-model 13ms
    [gap of 23ms]
    create-module-model 23ms
    [gap of 18ms]
    create-variant-model 29ms
    [gap of 16ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 11ms
    [gap of 19ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 13ms
    [gap of 20ms]
    create-X86-model 15ms
    [gap of 19ms]
    create-X86_64-model 11ms
    [gap of 19ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 500ms
  [gap of 39ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 539ms
=======
      [gap of 12ms]
      create-cmake-model 11ms
      [gap of 43ms]
    create-module-model completed in 66ms
    [gap of 12ms]
    create-variant-model 16ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 21ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 14ms
    create-X86-model 14ms
    [gap of 14ms]
    create-X86_64-model 12ms
    create-module-model 26ms
    create-variant-model 25ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 17ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 14ms
    create-X86-model 11ms
    create-X86_64-model 12ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 318ms
  [gap of 24ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 343ms
>>>>>>> 5f45ee5d1d5a0d7bba4c18c5904006c07e7a85b5

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
<<<<<<< HEAD
    create-module-model 15ms
    [gap of 23ms]
    create-variant-model 20ms
    [gap of 45ms]
    create-module-model 16ms
    [gap of 15ms]
    create-variant-model 21ms
    [gap of 31ms]
    create-X86-model 13ms
    [gap of 25ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 224ms
  [gap of 17ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 241ms
=======
    create-module-model 20ms
    [gap of 33ms]
    create-variant-model 29ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 13ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 10ms
    create-X86-model 11ms
    create-X86_64-model 29ms
    create-module-model
      [gap of 19ms]
      create-ndk-meta-abi-list 11ms
      [gap of 29ms]
    create-module-model completed in 59ms
    create-variant-model 61ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 10ms
    [gap of 21ms]
    create-X86-model 53ms
    [gap of 23ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 422ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 429ms
>>>>>>> 5f45ee5d1d5a0d7bba4c18c5904006c07e7a85b5

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 22ms
    [gap of 44ms]
    create-variant-model 33ms
    [gap of 22ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 13ms
    [gap of 25ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 17ms
    [gap of 26ms]
    create-X86-model 11ms
    [gap of 21ms]
    create-X86_64-model 14ms
    create-module-model
      [gap of 10ms]
      create-cmake-model 11ms
      [gap of 36ms]
    create-module-model completed in 57ms
    [gap of 22ms]
    create-variant-model 35ms
    [gap of 22ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 12ms
    [gap of 23ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 11ms
    [gap of 23ms]
    create-X86-model 10ms
    [gap of 25ms]
    create-X86_64-model 12ms
    [gap of 22ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 544ms
  [gap of 42ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 587ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      [gap of 23ms]
      create-cmake-model 14ms
      [gap of 94ms]
    create-module-model completed in 131ms
    [gap of 27ms]
    create-variant-model 73ms
    [gap of 34ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 15ms
    [gap of 29ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 18ms
    [gap of 32ms]
    create-X86-model 13ms
    [gap of 31ms]
    create-X86_64-model 14ms
    create-module-model
      [gap of 19ms]
      create-cmake-model 14ms
      [gap of 44ms]
    create-module-model completed in 77ms
    [gap of 29ms]
    create-variant-model 53ms
    [gap of 46ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 50ms
    [gap of 106ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 15ms
    [gap of 35ms]
    create-X86-model 16ms
    [gap of 41ms]
    create-X86_64-model 17ms
    [gap of 31ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 976ms
  [gap of 41ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 1017ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      [gap of 22ms]
      create-cmake-model 15ms
      [gap of 117ms]
    create-module-model completed in 154ms
    [gap of 33ms]
    create-variant-model 92ms
    [gap of 62ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 28ms
    [gap of 73ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 28ms
    [gap of 86ms]
    create-X86-model 18ms
    [gap of 63ms]
    create-X86_64-model 64ms
    create-module-model
      [gap of 27ms]
      create-cmake-model 16ms
      [gap of 55ms]
    create-module-model completed in 98ms
    [gap of 28ms]
    create-variant-model 26ms
    [gap of 32ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 14ms
    [gap of 47ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 14ms
    [gap of 37ms]
    create-X86-model 18ms
    [gap of 25ms]
    create-X86_64-model 12ms
    [gap of 34ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 1118ms
  [gap of 90ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 1209ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      [gap of 16ms]
      create-cmake-model 10ms
      [gap of 59ms]
    create-module-model completed in 85ms
    [gap of 49ms]
    create-variant-model 70ms
    [gap of 46ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 15ms
    [gap of 27ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 17ms
    [gap of 26ms]
    create-X86-model 13ms
    [gap of 29ms]
    create-X86_64-model 19ms
    create-module-model
      [gap of 10ms]
      create-cmake-model 13ms
      [gap of 46ms]
    create-module-model completed in 69ms
    [gap of 27ms]
    create-variant-model 32ms
    [gap of 26ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 12ms
    [gap of 23ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 12ms
    [gap of 22ms]
    create-X86-model 13ms
    [gap of 22ms]
    create-X86_64-model 11ms
    [gap of 22ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 713ms
  [gap of 26ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 739ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 12ms
    [gap of 21ms]
    create-variant-model 13ms
    [gap of 35ms]
    create-X86_64-model 12ms
    [gap of 14ms]
    create-module-model 10ms
    [gap of 13ms]
    create-variant-model 13ms
    [gap of 41ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 184ms
  [gap of 27ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 211ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 13ms
    [gap of 24ms]
    create-variant-model 16ms
    [gap of 44ms]
    create-module-model 12ms
    [gap of 14ms]
    create-variant-model 17ms
    [gap of 52ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 192ms
  [gap of 18ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 210ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 11ms
    [gap of 20ms]
    create-variant-model 13ms
    [gap of 51ms]
    create-variant-model 15ms
    [gap of 36ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 146ms
  [gap of 17ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 163ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      [gap of 18ms]
      create-cmake-model 17ms
      [gap of 96ms]
    create-module-model completed in 131ms
    [gap of 65ms]
    create-variant-model 43ms
    [gap of 25ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 19ms
    [gap of 25ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 12ms
    [gap of 48ms]
    create-X86-model 16ms
    [gap of 29ms]
    create-X86_64-model 16ms
    [gap of 35ms]
    create-module-model 21ms
    [gap of 32ms]
    create-variant-model 25ms
    [gap of 43ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 23ms
    [gap of 38ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 11ms
    [gap of 38ms]
    create-X86-model 13ms
    [gap of 23ms]
    create-X86_64-model 11ms
    [gap of 23ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 765ms
  [gap of 37ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 802ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 26ms
    [gap of 32ms]
    create-variant-model 25ms
    [gap of 28ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 17ms
    [gap of 19ms]
    create-X86-model 10ms
    [gap of 36ms]
    create-X86_64-model 16ms
    [gap of 34ms]
    create-module-model 15ms
    [gap of 26ms]
    create-variant-model 27ms
    [gap of 27ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 11ms
    [gap of 32ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 381ms
  [gap of 33ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 415ms

